docs/config.md, before:

## Configuring Frontik

Here is the list of all options, currently supported by Frontik.
All of them are set in config file (see [frontik_dev.cfg.ex](/frontik_dev.cfg.ex) for example),
but you can pass them through command line as well. The exception is `config` option — it makes sense to pass it only through command line.

These options are defined in [tornado_util.server](https://github.com/hhru/tornado-util/blob/master/tornado_util/server.py) module
and are essential for running Frontik server and logging in Frontik applications.

| Option name                  | Type    | Default value   | Description                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `host`                       | `str`   | `'0.0.0.0'`     | Host value for incoming connections                      |
| `port`                       | `int`   | `8000`          | Port to listen to                                        |
| `config`                     | `str`   | `None`          | Path to config file                                      |
| `daemonize`                  | `bool`  | `False`         | Start Frontik as daemon                                  |
| `pidfile`                    | `str`   | `None`          | Pidfile location (if `None`, pidfile won't be created)   |
| `log_blocked_ioloop_timeout` | `float` | `0`             | Enables logging of long-running IOLoop iterations        |

The following options are specific to [tornado_util.supervisor](https://github.com/hhru/tornado-util/blob/master/tornado_util/supervisor.py)
module, which provides convenient interface for running and controlling several Frontik instances on one machine.

| Option name                  | Type   | Default value   | Description                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------ | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `workers_count`              | `int`  | `4`             | Number of Frontik instances to run (on ports `port`, `port + 1` ... `port + N`) |
| `pidfile_template`           | `str`  | `None`          | Pidfile template, containing `%(port)s` placeholder (passed as `--pidfile` option to separate Frontik instances) |
| `logfile_template`           | `str`  | `None`          | Logfile template, containing `%(port)s` placeholder (passed as `--logfile` option to separate Frontik instances) |
| `supervisor_sigterm_timeout` | `int`  | `4`             | Time in seconds to wait before sending SIGKILL (after SIGTERM has been sent) |
| `nofile_soft_limit`          | `int`  | `4096`          | The value of soft NOFILE limit                           |

These options are defined in Frontik (see [options.py](/frontik/options.py)) and are common to all Frontik applications,
which run on one Frontik instance.

| Option name                  | Type    | Default value | Description                                                           |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | ------------  | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `autoreload`                 | `bool`  | `True`        | Restart Frontik after changes in application sources or config files  |
| `debug`                      | `bool`  | `False`       | Enable debug mode                                                     |
| `debug_login`                | `str`   | `None`        | Debug mode login for basic authentication (when `debug=False`)        |
| `debug_password`             | `str`   | `None`        | Debug mode password for basic authentication (when `debug=False`)     |
| `logfile`                    | `str`   | `None`        | Logfile location (if `None`, Frontik will log to stderr)              |
| `loglevel`                   | `str`   | `info`        | The lowest log level written to logfile                               |
| `logformat`                  | `str`   | see code      | Log entry format                                                      |
| `suppressed_loggers`         | `list`  | `[]`          | List of logger names to be excluded from debug output                 |
| `timings_log_enabled`        | `bool`  | `False`       | Enables writing timings information to a separate log file            |
| `timings_log_file_postfix`   | `str`   | `timings`     | Timings log file postfix, added to main log file name                 |
| `timings_log_message_format` | `str`   | see code      | Message format for timings log, must contain `%(page)s` and `%(stages)s` placeholders |
| `syslog`                     | `bool`  | `False`       | Enables sending logs to syslog                                        |
| `syslog_address`             | `str`   | `'/dev/log'`  | Syslog address                                                        |
| `syslog_facility`            | `str`   | `'user'`      | Syslog facility                                                       |
| `syslog_msg_max_length`      | `int`   | `2048`        | Syslog max message length                                             |
| `graylog`                    | `bool`  | `False`       | Enables sending logs to Graylog                                       |
| `graylog_host`               | `str`   | `'localhost'` | Graylog host                                                          |
| `graylog_port`               | `int`   | `12201`       | Graylog port                                                          |
| `xsl_executor`               | `str`   | `'threaded'`  | Executor type for XSL templating (alternative: `'ioloop'`)            |
| `json_executor`              | `str`   | `'ioloop'`    | Executor type for JSON templating                                     |
| `warn_no_jobs`               | `bool`  | `True`        | Write a warning if no jobs were found in executor queue               |
| `timeout_multiplier`         | `float` | `1.0`         | Generic timeout multiplier for get_xxx calls (useful for testing)     |
| `handlers_count`             | `int`   | `100`         | Limit for number of simultaneous requests handled by Frontik instance |
| `app`                        | `str`   | `None`        | Directory from which to load an application (see [Frontik application structure](/docs/frontik-app.md)) |

There are also certain options, that are unique for each application, see
[Configuring Frontik application](/docs/config-app.md) for more details.

Commit message:

HH-44962 add tornado_settings option

docs/config.md, after:

## Configuring Frontik

Here is the list of all options, currently supported by Frontik.
All of them are set in config file (see [frontik_dev.cfg.ex](/frontik_dev.cfg.ex) for example),
but you can pass them through command line as well. The exception is `config` option — it makes sense to pass it only through command line.

These options are defined in [tornado_util.server](https://github.com/hhru/tornado-util/blob/master/tornado_util/server.py) module
and are essential for running Frontik server and logging in Frontik applications.

| Option name                  | Type    | Default value   | Description                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `host`                       | `str`   | `'0.0.0.0'`     | Host value for incoming connections                      |
| `port`                       | `int`   | `8000`          | Port to listen to                                        |
| `config`                     | `str`   | `None`          | Path to config file                                      |
| `daemonize`                  | `bool`  | `False`         | Start Frontik as daemon                                  |
| `pidfile`                    | `str`   | `None`          | Pidfile location (if `None`, pidfile won't be created)   |
| `log_blocked_ioloop_timeout` | `float` | `0`             | Enables logging of long-running IOLoop iterations        |

The following options are specific to [tornado_util.supervisor](https://github.com/hhru/tornado-util/blob/master/tornado_util/supervisor.py)
module, which provides convenient interface for running and controlling several Frontik instances on one machine.

| Option name                  | Type   | Default value   | Description                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------ | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `workers_count`              | `int`  | `4`             | Number of Frontik instances to run (on ports `port`, `port + 1` ... `port + N`) |
| `pidfile_template`           | `str`  | `None`          | Pidfile template, containing `%(port)s` placeholder (passed as `--pidfile` option to separate Frontik instances) |
| `logfile_template`           | `str`  | `None`          | Logfile template, containing `%(port)s` placeholder (passed as `--logfile` option to separate Frontik instances) |
| `supervisor_sigterm_timeout` | `int`  | `4`             | Time in seconds to wait before sending SIGKILL (after SIGTERM has been sent) |
| `nofile_soft_limit`          | `int`  | `4096`          | The value of soft NOFILE limit                           |

These options are defined in Frontik (see [options.py](/frontik/options.py)) and are common to all Frontik applications,
which run on one Frontik instance.

| Option name                  | Type    | Default value | Description                                                           |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | ------------  | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `app`                        | `str`   | `None`        | Directory from which to load an application (see [Frontik application structure](/docs/frontik-app.md)) |
| `tornado_settings`           | `dict`  | `None`        | tornado.web.Application settings                                          |
| `autoreload`                 | `bool`  | `True`        | Restart Frontik after changes in application sources or config files  |
| `debug`                      | `bool`  | `False`       | Enable debug mode                                                     |
| `debug_login`                | `str`   | `None`        | Debug mode login for basic authentication (when `debug=False`)        |
| `debug_password`             | `str`   | `None`        | Debug mode password for basic authentication (when `debug=False`)     |
| `logfile`                    | `str`   | `None`        | Logfile location (if `None`, Frontik will log to stderr)              |
| `loglevel`                   | `str`   | `info`        | The lowest log level written to logfile                               |
| `logformat`                  | `str`   | see code      | Log entry format                                                      |
| `suppressed_loggers`         | `list`  | `[]`          | List of logger names to be excluded from debug output                 |
| `timings_log_enabled`        | `bool`  | `False`       | Enables writing timings information to a separate log file            |
| `timings_log_file_postfix`   | `str`   | `timings`     | Timings log file postfix, added to main log file name                 |
| `timings_log_message_format` | `str`   | see code      | Message format for timings log, must contain `%(page)s` and `%(stages)s` placeholders |
| `syslog`                     | `bool`  | `False`       | Enables sending logs to syslog                                        |
| `syslog_address`             | `str`   | `'/dev/log'`  | Syslog address                                                        |
| `syslog_facility`            | `str`   | `'user'`      | Syslog facility                                                       |
| `syslog_msg_max_length`      | `int`   | `2048`        | Syslog max message length                                             |
| `graylog`                    | `bool`  | `False`       | Enables sending logs to Graylog                                       |
| `graylog_host`               | `str`   | `'localhost'` | Graylog host                                                          |
| `graylog_port`               | `int`   | `12201`       | Graylog port                                                          |
| `xsl_executor`               | `str`   | `'threaded'`  | Executor type for XSL templating (alternative: `'ioloop'`)            |
| `json_executor`              | `str`   | `'ioloop'`    | Executor type for JSON templating                                     |
| `warn_no_jobs`               | `bool`  | `True`        | Write a warning if no jobs were found in executor queue               |
| `timeout_multiplier`         | `float` | `1.0`         | Generic timeout multiplier for get_xxx calls (useful for testing)     |
| `handlers_count`             | `int`   | `100`         | Limit for number of simultaneous requests handled by Frontik instance |

There are also certain options, that are unique for each application, see
[Configuring Frontik application](/docs/config-app.md) for more details.
